because of the cheer complexity of the current 
project i think i want to opt for a more elegant solution
and rethink everything from the top

the idea was to provide a framework called py4MLP (Python for Machine Learning Pipelines)
that provides some common interfaces and runtime functionality 
to run pipelines that can either receive data from disk (path) , from a downloaded source
or a streaming continous data source from a local device over the web or just on localhost
The idea is not to have a pipeline like sklearn or a pipeline that runs in the cloud
but to have the building blocks to easily create different pipelines for 
different purposes and to have a reliable monitoring and reporting system

the idea is to have a core part of the library and specifics are implemented
in the plugins of the library.
py4MLP/py4mlp.py
py4MLP/core/
py4MLP/plugins/

i think that some functionality of a data bus and components is certainly not a bad idea
however it seems that mostly a pipeline is just a sequence of functions or steps/task
that run sequentially. So leveraging the power of multiprocessing can i think be much simpler.

some good ideas that i keep in mind of my refactoring is:
A pipeline interface that already orchstrates all the task/functions
A data bus as intermediate between reporting/monitoring systems/classes
A source
A transformer
A Sink/reporter/subscriber

The thing is i want things to be configurable but at the expense of a very complex and error
prone library.
So we have to rethink how we want to structure the code and keep it lean and simple.


A few questions:
1) so the function to execute needs to be a top level function ?
if so how can i make this "invisible" to the user ? such that they only
need to define there components ?

2) should it be better to have a pipeline interface for basic utility functions
and delegate specific types of pipelines (batch, single, streamming, etc..) to specific pipeline derived from the base 

3) so in theory i should have a pipeline that orchstrates the components , have monitoring components that subscribe to the data bus 
and somehow have a post pipeline to gather all result from all the workers and report that back too

4) why are their multiple logs being iniated ? do they all process execute my core module ?
from lib.py4MLP.py4MLP import Py4MLP 
Py4MLP(entrypoint=__file__)

5) i want to have some kind of library that can be run on your home PC mostly
for ML projects maybe not for production ready but at least a solid architecture that is reliable,
and can be extended 